(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 8)
I just got here. I'm coming up.
Director,
you can't wrap up like this.
Do you think I want to do this?
Shin Ha Rim left saying he can't shoot in these conditions.
I'll bring him back.
How can a writer come to a shoot and make a mess like this?
Then you shouldn't change her script.
Goodness.
Are you taking her side?
Just let her know if you're going to change it.
It's like this every time. This isn't a spy movie.
Who are you?
Are you sure you're from the production company?
Do you want this drama to happen or not?
Keep your manners.
I see. I was wondering...
who had that new writer's back.
She must have acted up because of you.
- Come on. - I don't care!
I won't shoot either.
Hurry and wrap up.
Well, you look peaceful.
Yes. I'm just preparing ingredients for tomorrow.
The shoot was canceled.
Do you know how much I lost?
It costs 10,000 dollars just for staff,
and an additional 1,000 dollars for each martial artist.
- The location cost me 3,000... - You talk about money a lot.
- Are you running low? - Are you feeling guilty?
Since Good Soup continues to lose money.
You anticipated that the first year would be an investment.
Leave Good Soup to me.
I won't let you see any loss, even if it's a loss to me.
I'm moved.
Is that why you agreed to film today?
You can be snobby.
I guess drama production isn't easy.
Why won't the director shoot what the writer wrote?
He's a star director.
He only works with new writers.
So he can change everything to the way he wants.
Unfortunately, this time he was partnered with the unexpected.
I like Lee Hyun Soo's writing. "The Man Who Eats Rare Steak".
You've seen it?
Yes. I saw it in France. Hong Ah told me about it.
Right, you're close with Hong Ah.
Then you must know Hyun Soo too.
I do.
I also know that she has a boyfriend.
Who said she has a boyfriend?
(Four years ago in 2013, Paris)
This is it. Espresso is the best.
You're so embarrassing to be around.
Don't act like it's your first time in Paris.
It's my first time here with you and Jung Sun.
I can't meet tomorrow. I have to go to the restaurant after school.
I'll go to the restaurant.
Where are you going?
It's too stuffy in here.
I'm going to walk around and find some peace.
You're at it again, aren't you?
Are you thinking about becoming a chef instead of a doctor?
Save me a spot. I might run to you after I finish studying.
You changed a lot in a year.
Is it because you live in a different place?
What do you do these days?
I'm still entering contests, even though I don't get chosen.
Hyun Soo made it, though.
Did she?
That's good.
You look so happy.
I helped her too.
I helped her change the title.
Isn't it "The Man Who Eats Rare Steak"?
How did you know?
She asked me about the title back then.
What did you help with?
When was that?
Why must you know that?
Did you really like her?
No.
I loved her, although she rejected me.
Of course she'd reject you.
It doesn't make sense for you two to be together.
She's dating a guy that's a big shot right now.
He's older than her,
richer, and handsome. He only cares about her.
He's the perfect guy any woman would want.
Should we circle around one more time?
Let's go back to the studio. I have to work.
It's already up.
I told you someone would post it.
Hey!
We'd get 10 percent even if we shoot it the way it is!
- Gosh. - You're impossible to talk to.
That's crazy.
Focus on driving.
I told you not to do it, Hyun Soo.
How can she keep working in that situation?
Did she become a writer for this reason?
Just drive, okay? Don't encourage her.
I didn't encourage her.
I just support her view.
Hey, who scouted the chef that was on set today?
Is that important to you right now?
Who was the chef?
Jung Sun.
Who is Jung Sun?
I guess you didn't know.
You would have told me if you knew.
This is so embarrassing.
Why do hardships come at the same time?
[VIU Ver] E08 Temperature of Love "I Support Her"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- What is that? - What?
My gosh.
Why are you here? It's your day off.
What's the point of staying home? I was bored.
What are you doing?
I'm going to grind some herbs that I dried.
You're so extra. You could use a drier.
It's all about devotion.
The process makes the final product.
Are you making a foam sauce with cilantro?
I'm going to put cilantro in my menu one day.
Sous-chef, are you making a menu already?
Yes, Chef. I'm impatient.
Did you contact Hyun Soo?
She'll be surprised to find out that you're in her drama.
I met her today.
You did? What did she say?
- She ran away. - She did? Why?
I don't know.
Am I a horrible memory to her?
I thought about it so many times,
but I haven't done anything wrong.
Ask her in person.
You're in the same agency,
so ask Mr. Park to set it up.
If I want to see her, I'll ask her myself.
I refuse to get someone else involved.
Do you want her number?
Give me your phone number.
I'll call you, so don't be on your guard.
I'm not on my guard anymore.
But I don't have a pen.
No, that would be low.
I don't want to force it.
(Add to contacts)
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(Add)
(Cancel)
Chef On Jung Sun's agent is On Entertainment.
(On Jung Sun, chef of Good Soup)
Do you know Good Soup?
That's where Mr. Park wanted to eat last time.
(Park Jung Woo)
Yes, Mr. Park.
How does it feel to have made a mess?
I'm sorry.
I met with the chief producer,
and I tried to stop the articles,
but due to social media, it won't be easy to stop it from spreading.
Brace yourself.
You're looking good.
Jerk.
Wash the kelp first.
Is he kidding?
I'll do it for you. He's busy now.
Stop helping him.
He thinks he's a big shot and doesn't listen to me.
He just started a week ago.
If you keep that up, he's going to quit.
If he's going to quit, the sooner the better.
You're so annoying.
Min Ho, you're awesome.
He and I are on the same page.
I didn't say it to make you happy.
He's so cute.
"Make you happy."
Guys, I'm a man. How can I be cute?
Stop that.
If he doesn't like it, stop it no matter how cute he is.
You're really cute, though.
Chef.
We have a table of five reserved for lunch.
Let's not get tied up with numbers and keep to our principles.
Cleanliness, devotion, and focus!
- Focus. - Focus!
Help Kyung Soo prepare the vegetables.
I'll do it all, Chef.
He can't do it.
What did he learn in the States?
Why are you bringing that up?
This is why I hate working with people with inferiority complexes.
That won't do. Sous-chef, can you do it?
- Yes. - Ha Sung, hand him the knife.
The kitchen isn't for training. It's a workplace for professionals.
Your mother is here, Chef.
Isn't it so pretty? It's globe amaranth.
Its meaning fits perfectly.
Captivating and unchanging love.
What brings you here?
Can't you be nicer to your mom? It's been a while.
Can I get some herbal tea?
I was about to bring it. Peppermint, right?
She's good.
Did you come alone?
No.
Daniel is holding an exhibit at the Seowon Gallery in October.
He dropped me off here and went to meet the curator.
- Is he coming here? - Of course.
Can you book us a table for four?
Daniel will bring two more people.
All the people he knows are classy.
Enough about Daniel.
Since you're living with him, I hope you guys last.
Thank you for your blessings.
I'm busy, so don't call me.
When Daniel's here, come out and say hello at least.
You're my only family.
I don't want him to look down on me.
Can you become a sponsor...
for Daniel's exhibition?
Enough is enough. You look pathetic.
Hyun Soo, I bought some sandwiches.
Okay.
Come out...
Once the drama's finished, I'll be bald.
Give it to me. I'll throw it out.
It's okay, I'll do it.
("Unruly Detectives")
No wonder the story is all over the place.
Why is a writer creating a scene on set instead of writing?
(You liked this comment.)
Cheer up.
My goodness.
Stop shooting a movie,
and come back to reality.
Your article is trending right now.
I told you not to show it to her.
She can see it after she eats.
What's wrong with you?
It's better to get the bad news first.
Don't treat her like a child.
Do you think she's in the right state of mind?
She's so stressed.
Enough. Why are you guys always fighting?
It feels like she's competing with me to be loyal.
Why are you an assistant writer?
Your family is rich. Quit work and just go home.
I can work, write, or play. Why do you care?
Of course I care. I don't want to be compared with you.
Why would you be compared with me?
All we have in common is our age.
Hey, what are you saying?
Do you mean I'm not comparable to you?
"The writer of "Unruly Detectives", an SBC drama, showed up on set,"
"which caused the shooting to halt."
It's going to get crazy.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello?.
Did you get some sleep?
I was reading an article.
Did I interrupt your breakfast?
Do you want some?
No, I'm okay.
Did you talk to Yi Bok after yesterday's incident?
- No. - Gosh, that fool.
You two should talk.
Do you think I haven't tried that already?
These are the previous scripts.
It's not perfect, but I edited them as much as I could.
You're the one that liked it and wanted to produce it.
I like it. It's a great story.
However, I'm not the one making it. It's Yi Bok that's directing.
You should have persuaded him.
Director Min should have never agreed to do my drama.
The theme completely changed.
I lost my way.
The writer lost her way.
This is the problem with new writers.
They have no sense of flexibility.
Also, they think their writing is the best there is.
They tell me it's not what they wrote.
Who cares if they wrote it or not?
What matters is if the drama is good in the end.
Hyun Soo isn't flexible.
Hey, Ms. Park.
Won't you help me this time?
Gosh. But I...
can't steal a project from someone who used to be my assistant.
Soo Young worked under me for five years.
She didn't win contests, but she's a great writer.
It's a headache to work with new writers.
I'll give her guidance.
If Soo Young is on it, of course I'll give advice.
Thank you, Ms. Park.
You said you have all the scripts?
Yes.
Why would she write all of them already?
Drama is a living thing.
So many things can change in the process.
Exactly.
Send all of the scripts to Soo Young.
We'll take a look...
and fix it the way you want.
Bravo. You're a professional.
I'll make sure to work with a writer with a name value next time.
A writer with a name value wouldn't work with you.
What?
I'm just saying.
Soo Young, let's have some coffee.
Be careful with the delivery. It's for table five.
Okay.
Enjoy.
Ask Chef On to come out.
Okay.
He should say hello.
Why bother?
I know he doesn't like me.
That's not true, Daniel.
My son thinks that my happiness is his happiness.
Don't call him your son.
It makes you sound old.
No matter how old your child is, he's still a baby to his mom.
You wouldn't understand since you don't have a child.
The best thing I've done in my life is not having any kids.
Exactly. It's hard not having kids...
when you were married twice. It's not like you have a problem.
Do you think I couldn't have kids because I have a problem?
Should I go make one right now?
No.
I know very well you don't have a problem.
I'm saying you're amazing.
You must have a strong will to not have any children...
when you were married twice.
You're a man of your word.
You're amazing. That's what I want to say.
Do you know why I live with you?
Because you know my true value.
A man can give his all to the woman that acknowledges him.
You're younger than I am,
but you got married more than me.
I have a lot to learn from you.
Chef On.
How was the food?
It was good.
Please enjoy your time.
Hey...
Did you tell him about my exhibition?
- Of course. - Then why didn't he say anything?
He's a quiet person, like me.
You're not quiet.
He and I talked. He talked about sponsoring,
but I told him not to do it.
Because you might feel uncomfortable.
It is uncomfortable, but I should accept his kindness.
He's your son.
Get on. We'll go to the station together.
I still have about an hour.
Then let's get some tea and talk.
You're like a parent,
and I'm the student being called to the principal's office.
I told you, I'll resolve it.
It's something I have to do.
The director and the writer will always have disagreements.
It's my job to find an agreement.
Is it wrong of me to want to help you find that agreement?
I didn't say you were wrong.
You'll only make me lazy.
You've grown. You won't let me win, will you?
Of course I've grown. It's been years.
You're still unpredictable.
I'm going back in.
I'm going to watch the episode again.
I'm going to objectively look at what happens...
when the actor, director, and writer cannot communicate.
You jerk! How can you do this to me?
You must be punished if you committed a crime.
I'm a prosecutor.
I won't forgive you just because you're my brother.
You still don't trust me?
- Slow down, we'll get hurt. - Are you afraid of getting hurt?
I'll kill you instead.
He changed the lines again.
He thinks my lines are too feminine.
What's too feminine?
It's so pretentious.
At least the acting is good.
Are you protecting it since it's your baby?
(Shin Ha Rim)
Hello?
Ms. Lee?
Yes.
I read the seventh episode.
Do you remember the part where Joon Ki gets hurt...
and whines saying he feels like he's dying?
He's not whining, he's actually hurt.
How can a man make a fuss about a little injury?
There are a lot of men who feel pain from a small splinter.
Ms. Lee,
don't be like this.
I've been acting for 20 years.
I worked a lot longer than you.
Listen to me, okay?
My gosh.
Seeing you makes me think that debuting isn't all that great.
There are so many annoying people around you.
Play the next one.
That's enough.
Move it. Are you kidding me?
Let sleeping dog lie.
You're not sleeping right now.
Why are you two always bickering?
What did you say? Watch your manners.
I'm growing a lot of patience.
We should have met a long time ago on the streets or something.
You must be punished if you committed a crime.
- He's so cute. - I'm a prosecutor.
Is "Unruly Detectives" good?
Yes. I watch it for Ha Rim.
You still don't trust me?
"You still don't trust me?"
What was that?
The writer is my friend.
Really?
You should give her a call and cheer her up.
A lot of people are bashing her on the Internet.
Lee Hyun Soo,
I support you.
(Register)
("Unruly Detectives")
Lee Hyun Soo, I support you.
Take off your sunglasses.
Tell me what you have to. I have to go shoot.
I work even if the writer makes a scene. Why?
Because I love our viewers and I feel responsible.
We all love our viewers and feel responsible too.
Ms. Lee, what do you want to do?
I'll accept his changes.
However,
tell us what you change.
Ms. Lee, just throw in the towel if you can't handle it.
I worked with a lot of writers,
and the other writers were all able to write for me.
I won't throw in the towel.
Even if I get fired, I would never do such a thing.
No one's getting fired.
I like the way you unravel your stories.
Yi Bok, you need to stop blowing things up. It's costing a fortune.
My goodness.
This is why you're sitting behind a desk instead of directing.
You jerk.
Did the production company take a bribe?
Why else would you protect the writer?
Have you gone blind?
Yes, I have.
Darn it.
I didn't come here as your parent.
You must have a lot of spare time.
I still have to eat even when I'm busy.
You're right.
I asked you so many times to come here,
but you were always too busy.
I won't go in.
Why not?
I'm tired.
No matter how tired you are, you should still eat.
Where are you coming from?
We ran out of something, so I went to go get more.
I'll come in after this call. Go inside first.
Yes, hello.
Who is this?
Why aren't you running away?
- Should I? - You did before.
Did I do something wrong to you?
I never said that you did.
Then why are you avoiding me?
The situation wasn't very good.
Would you have said hello if you were in my position?
Don't talk to me like that. It feels like we're close.
I didn't mean it like that.
Then how did you mean it?
The "you" I used is a pronoun.
I didn't mean it as a pet name...
Congratulations.
You've become a chef.
Congratulations. You've become a writer.
I'm too lousy to accept congratulations.
It's too early for me to accept congratulations too.
It's one hurdle after another.
You sound like an adult now.
That must mean you're getting old.
That really pierced into my heart.
You're still bound by your age, aren't you?
You've grown to become more annoying, haven't you?
Growing is a good thing.
Why are you doing this to me?
You disappeared without saying anything, show up and act cynical?
Did you forget that you didn't pick up my call?
How can I forget?
Do you know how much I regretted it, and how much it hurt?
Why did you regret it, and why were you hurt?
Forget it. It's in the past.
You have a big shot boyfriend,
and your dream of becoming a writer came true.
Why did you regret it, and why were you hurt?
Why are you still outside?
A stranger might think...
that you're having a couple's quarrel.
(Temperature of Love OST Part 2 "Love-ing" by GFriend's Eun Ha)
(Temperature of Love)
Anybody have plans after work?
If you're free, let's go run. It'll be a team workshop.
Are you not close with Hyun Soo anymore?
Hyun Soo doing well bothers me more than the fact that I failed.
Only the evil ones succeed in this industry.
- Do you want to go out with me? - I'm not the one for you.
Is it because of Hyun Soo?
If you want to date Hyun Soo, you must win her trust.
- Good night. - You go first.
I told you she has a boyfriend.
I was prepared.
I have a favor to ask you.
Can we meet?
I'll wait for you at Good Soup.